 It began, humbly enough, with a data breach. The official press release, issued with characteristic terseness and opacity, explained only that a U.S. government contractor in the security sector had confirmed the leakage of confidential documents and user information from within its ostensibly secure perimeter. The details of the exploit and precise nature of the stolen I.P. was immediately classified; lip service was paid to the importance of securing our national secrets; and, in short order, excitement within the infosec community returned to its ambient simmer. Among the few who survived the events to follow, many speculate that the leaked information included the final link in a diabolical cyber-attack chain, one which led to the greatest nuclear disaster in human history.

At 12:45 in the morning on 8th of September 2024, all 1364 nuclear bombs located at Kings Bay on coast of Georgia detonated in unison. Two minutes later, in the Rocky Mountains, 705 units went off across two Airforce bases, as did another 2364 at a submarine base near Seattle, 940 in Louisiana, and 136 in Missouri. Millions died instantly. Tens of millions more, unfortunate enough to be on the periphery of the lethal blast radius, succumbed to radiation poisoning and dehydration alone. The population was almost decimated in a matter of days. The Midwest, Pacific Northwest including most of British Columbia and Alberta, and the entirety of the South as far north as the Mason-Dixon Line were rendered uninhabitable for more lifetimes ahead than humans are used to considering. Commerce came to a standstill. What remained of the complex systems defining the nation's critical infrastructure, supply chains, and communications networks failed. Rent in two, devoid of central leadership, grieving and confused, America all but vanished as a world power.

The lucky ones, those occupants of the mainland United States who found themselves at a sufficient distance from the blasts' epicenters to survive the subsequent 72 hours, trekked on foot with what little could be carried to the only two regions blessed with clean air and water, functioning power grids, and modest stockpiles of uncontaminated food: New England and Southern California. What remained of political and industrial leadership quickly established de-facto capitals, centers for what communication and decision making could be effectuated, in Boston and San Diego respectively. But the influx of people to already-laden population centers immediately led to dire shortages of resources, exacerbating those which existed prior to their arrival. Inevitably, violence ensued.

On Long Island and Manhattan, terrified citizens stormed the streets in mass, pillaging grocery stores and retail outlets in search of any items which might be useful, life-extending. Those who arrived too late to take what was needed to equip themselves resorted to murder and battery of anyone with supplies in hand who were unfortunate enough to cross their paths on the way back to shelter. In the West, riots over the ephemeral supply of human essentials broke out in the shantytowns which had sprung up in Chavez Ravine, Griffith Park, and in San Diego's Gaslamp Quarter. Unable to pacify the mobs, hundreds of thousands strong as they were, police and military personnel were ordered to stand down and allow the fighting to run its course. An ongoing public task force was assembled to remove the bodies and deposit them at an isolated location to slow the spread of disease.

There is no doubt the fighting would have continued were it not for the air- and seaborn aid which poured in from sympathetic nations in Europe and Asia after several long weeks. The famine was sufficiently alleviated to allow for more pragmatic action to be considered. Moreover, it permitted the survivors to catch their breath long enough to consider the obvious questions surrounding the origins of the disaster in the first place. The "Why" was understandable enough; there were plenty of reasons to hate America if one did not live in it or happened to benefit from its global influence. But no one, including information technology experts and those with top-secret clearances, could come up with any coherent explanation to account for the "How." It was known that the computing systems governing a number of mainland nuclear facilities had been compromised; that much had been logged on military machines which were not destroyed or bricked during the initial blasts. But the precise means used to trigger the broadly distributed and expertly orchestrated nuclear detonation are unknown. It is likely that we will never know, with any degree of certainty, the nature of the vulnerabilities exploited in the attack, nor that of the group responsible.

There was little time, however, to dwell on their unresolved quandaries, as disagreement between the political leadership of the isolated East and West led to heated division on the matter of how what remained of the United States ought to be run. The East advocated that the American economic system and way of life must be restored, and business-as-usual be resumed as soon as possible. The West, enamored of its highly effective public-run operation of supply-rationing and distribution, insisted that the significantly poorer-fairing East should adopt its economic model and establish a shared government in Los Angeles. Neither side is interested in civil war, but nor are they willing to turn down strategic advantage in the power-struggle to ensue.

The conflict between the East and the West is already beginning to materialize in the digital information space along numerous fronts. Every remaining internet-connected piece of infrastructure has turned into an unprecedentedly high-stakes game of capture the flag, each one captured promising to turn the tide further in the victor's favor. Evenly matched as the two factions are in their hacking capabilities, the moment has come for you to declare your loyalty and turn this destructive stalemate into a resounding victory for the best coast.
